Welcome back, guys. Welcome back to a
new week and welcome
back to a new vlog. Today is Tuesday,
the 2nd of June, and it is a pretty
special day because today is my
boyfriend's birthday. It's now midday. I
started the day, of course, with a
little breakfast in bed. I think it's
like bare minimum, right, when it's
someone's birthday. And I planned a few
surprise this week. One of them being us
going to Florence this Friday. So, I'm
super excited to spend the weekend
there. And tonight, I'm actually No,
he's not here. Tonight I'm actually
inviting a few of his friends for a
little surprise apperitif to celebrate
his birthday. Since we're going to be
together the whole weekend, I was like,
let's just do something fun tonight on
the day of his birthday with his
friends. Um, there is going to be a huge
honos match of the Brazilian Jean Fona,
which I know he really wants to watch.
So basically, it's going to be
champagne, burgers, honos, and friends.
And I feel like it's a vibe. But before
we get to the birthday party part
organizing, which I have a lot to do
still, I have to go to an eyewear
presentation of the King group, which
I'm so excited cuz they have so many
brands I love. And then I have a
modeling job. Then I run back here. So,
let's get dressed. It's a gloomy day
today. So, I feel like I can wear black.
I'm going to wear these black kind of
slouchy Beckenbridge jeans.
For the top, I'm going to wear this
gorgeous backless top by Beckenbridge,
but it's still very like closed up in
the front. So, I feel like it's perfect
for a day event with slouchy jeans. It's
kind of still chic, but not, you know,
too much. It's like this. Oh, that's
cute. Back is so pretty.
But yeah, for daytime, I feel like looks
cool. You see? Nice. Love it.
So that's what it looks like. Oh, it
looks really nice because it's cinched
here and then it goes like kind of
hourglass effect with the balloon type
of denim. And then the back. That's
perfect heel boot.
You know what's going to be perfect with
this look?
My little verified clutch cuz it's black
and silver. So it's going to go
perfectly with my look. I love it
because it's a clutch. It's very chic,
but it has the handle and it still looks
kind of cool and, you know, elevated and
big enough to have enough things. I'm
going to quickly add a little bit of
pink to my lips
just to add some color. Felt a little
bit
missing. Retouch my under eye.
I've been loving this Merit complexion
stick to have in my bag whenever I need
a touch-up just because see it sink into
the skin super quickly. So, it's kind of
the type of products you want when you
want to do a touch-up. It's something
that corrects well. See, it brought a
lot of light, but it's easy to kind of
pop on at any spot. This is shade linen.
It's pretty fair. Can get this in here.
And we are ready. The sisters are
reunited and we're kind of matching
which wasn't planned. So here is the
look of the sister of day.
Hi guys. And we're now walking to the
eyewear event, which I'm honestly very
excited cuz I love
>> You love eyewear.
>> We love eyewear. Eyewear does
everything. Like or
>> I look looked plain.
>> Look plain.
>> Aha. Now it's working. I had someone
from the community, a very loyal person
from the community that said, "I sent
you and Karen to eyewear so that they
should take you to promote their
sunglasses." Isn't that the cutest thing
ever? So cute.
>> That looks amazing.
Oh, that's pretty. Oh, that is pretty.
Oh, that
these are my favorite and I know my
sister is going to love
They're gorgeous. Gorgeous.
>> I want to try this. I think it can be
incredible
>> for summer with a little bikini like
you guys. I just got out of my modeling
fitting and remember we wrapped from
this. I think this is not supposed to
happen. It's unwrapping.
Oh my god, the weather is insane.
I just got out of my fitting and I have
a thousand things to do to prepare for
the birthday. Look at this. I feel like
I'm the weather girl.
Um, yeah. So, I have a thousand things
to do to prepare for the birthday, and
I'm honestly feeling a little sleepy.
So, I'm going to grab a little
cappuccino.
They have it right in front of where I
work, so it's perfect.
Mass.
So I am walking to Gome,
which is a G is a department store, but
across the road they have a department
store for food. And that's where I'm
going because
Because my boyfriend's favorite cake is
the opera, which is a type of chocolate
cake. And because they have so many
different pastry corners, I would say
I'm probably going to find it there.
That was like my best
option to find.
And then I just realized I have to pick
up a gift, too, because we did a group
gift
and so many other things. And I'm like,
"Oh my god, I have 2 hours left.
Look at this. This is desserts. How
crazy. They look so perfect. This is a
cheesecake. This is a tiramisu.
How cute. Yeah. So, basically this whole
place is sweet, sweet, sweet, sweets.
Look at this huge.
All
right, I'm going to get this cuz this is
the closest to
tension is high. Um, he left the
apartment, I got one of his friends to
call him up last minute and be like,
"Let's go have a drink for your
birthday." But instead of leaving at
5:30, he left at almost 6:30 and
everyone's arriving at like 7:45.
And so I didn't have much time to
prepare. So I just literally ran out of
the house, bought everything and um
hopefully I'm ready on time. I still
would like to do my hair, get dressed.
Uh but I still have a lot of things to
prepare. I have to pack the gift. I mean
I am waiting on my sister Lisa. Where
are you? I'm waiting on her cuz she was
supposed to come and help me and I'm
like I need you right. I am with the
sister. Thankfully, she arrived to help
me. We're preparing. It's cute. Cute.
We're preparing plenty little things.
>> So, I did kind of a little bar station.
We'll have champagne and you can have
some cheese. I love this little plate.
I've been using it so much. And then
over there, I added some more glasses
and
just some more of like dried snacks
because I feel it's easier to eat if
you're sitting. I am wearing this little
blue dress which fun fact last year,
right at this time of my boyfriend's
birthday was our first two weeks of
dating. So basically his birthday was
our fourth date. And at the time I was
like, "Well, you know, we don't know
each other much, so do whatever you want
for your birthday." And he was like,
"No, I want to spend my birthday with
you." And I was super stressed cuz I was
like,
>> that's already a green flag.
>> I was like, "How?" Well, that was a
great green flag, too. I was like, "How
do I like how do I plan a birthday to
someone that I barely know?" And we
ended up having such a great evening. I
organized a dinner at Vivondu which was
like really cool and like good vibes and
I wore this dress
and he always talks about the blue dress
and today I was like so I've been lying
all day. Please someone give me an
Oscar. I was like I don't know what to
wear tonight cuz the place we're going
super fancy and he's like where the blue
dress the blue dress. So since we're
home and the place is not fancy fancy
I'm wearing the blue dress.
Good morning, guys.
It is bright and early. It's 8:00 a.m. I
am in a neighborhood called Suni, I
think. Yeah.
Yes. And um the party was a success. I
didn't go to bed too late. It was around
midnight, so it was perfect cuz some of
them wanted to party and I was like,
"Please go. I have things to do
tomorrow." I am actually heading out to
a photo shoot. So,
here I am. It's only half day, which is
great. So, this afternoon, I'll get to
work on Twinflame and things like that.
I am so happy. My boyfriend was so
surprised surprise accomplished. And
yeah, and today I have a really fun
thing that I'm going to do and we're
going to do together cuz I don't know. I
wanted a special dress for Florence and
I might I'm going to a place where I get
to try on plenty of dresses and rent one
for the weekend. So, we're going there
with Lisa at the end of the day today.
So, we'll do that together. But in the
meantime, it is photo shoot time. White
t-shirt, blue jeans, this bag. Cutest
thing ever. Simple simple. and ready to
get to hair and makeup if I'm in the
right place.
makeup done and I am waiting to be
called on set. We're still going to do a
little picture to see if the makeup
looks good on camera and then we start
shooting.
The sisters are together again. Well,
not again.
>> The same.
>> Dress the same. We did not.
>> This is embarrassing.
>> It's embarrassing. We did not plan this
again. Like, what are you wearing on
your feet?
>> Okay.
>> White t-shirts and like
and a black and silver bag.
>> Yeah.
>> End of the day little sister
moment.
>> Yes.
>> As a as I
>> going to be a helper. She's going to be
a helper. That's my only role. I'm going
to Italy this weekend for my boyfriend's
birthday. And on Saturday night, we're
eating at a really beautiful place. And
I was in the mood to have a really nice
piece to wear. And I've been looking for
something for the past weeks, but I
haven't found anything where I was like,
"Oh, that's absolutely it, and I want to
spend my money on that."
>> Yeah.
>> And then I reminded myself of Lisa's uh
spot that she had found recently called
Rent a Club.
>> Yeah. in Paris where they
>> never been. I just saw it on Instagram.
>> It's a place where you can go and you
can rent a dress for a day or two, but
>> which the concept
>> Yeah.
>> already existed.
>> Absolutely.
>> The difference is that they have cool
brands like Fancy Club, like Meshki,
like things we actually like to wear.
Here's the look.
>> White leather leather blue jeans
>> and sneakers and silver bags.
Oh, it's there.
>> We're set up downstairs.
This is the little dressing room that I
get to play with. Okay, so this is the
fancy club dress that I wanted to try.
So, option number one. Look one.
Look number one, fancy club. It's so
pretty.
>> It's so pretty.
>> Option number two, fancy club. Again,
this black dress. Love the little roses
detail of the cut.
>> It's a tiny bit too big.
>> Yeah, I wish it was.
>> But the cut is cool.
>> Option number three, fancy club. Not the
vibe. The Dolceita vibe,
>> but we love the look for a birthday.
How cute is this? Yeah, I love that.
>> It's actually also a vintage shop. And
Lisa just found a gorgeous blue dress.
Cute.
Makes your eyes pop.
It's the color of the season. Turquoise.
>> Yeah, Tiffany blue is the color of the
season.
Take it.
Oh, it's gorgeous with your Aquad Zura
shoes. New one. The blue ones. Insane.
>> Tried these Chanel sunnies.
>> I just said to her in French. I said
I was supposed to go with you and just
be, you know, an assistant. And I ended
up buying something. She bought the
dress.
>> She bought the dress.
I said if I don't have any options for
this weekend, Lisa has many and I'm
going to go shop her closet
>> and it will be you can vlog it.
>> Oh, I can vlog it. Oh, she gives me the
permission.
>> I'll do it like in store experience.
>> You'll have to book your appointment.
>> Yes, I will come
>> and then you know.
>> Oh, that's
>> I'll put my boyfriend to be like the you
know like do you want a drink?
>> Oh, do you want a glass of champagne? A
glass of champagne
on the thing.
>> I like that.
>> So, here we are. So, basically love the
white dress. It was exactly what I
wanted. Sexy, but still
>> Dolcevita vibes, right? With a little
pair of mules. It would have been
perfect. But the person that rented it
before me effed it up. Put makeup,
stained it. She went on a wild party and
really did disrespected the person, the
dress, the dress, and the brand.
So, she's going to try to get it
completely cleaned. If it get cleaned, I
will rent it. If not,
I'm going naked.
But that I right now, you know what's
happening in my mind? What? I'm going to
go on Fancy Club and I'm going to buy
something.
>> Oh, yeah. Yeah.
>> Cuz everything I tried from them was
insane. Oh, safi. Look at this guys. The
secret that you see right in between the
buildings. How beautiful. I love it.
Look, I can zoom more. Ooh, wow.
Good afternoon, guys. I am with the
sister again. We've reunited because I
came to shop her closet cuz I have
nothing to wear for my trip tomorrow.
And I'm kind of thinking now, do I have
something for her? I don't know. We'll
see.
Anyway, we had lunch together and we
went to Kmart and we were in the queue
and I saw this. It's matcha almond.
Almond. So, it's like almond covered, no
almond covered with matcha. And I've
discovered this 3 years ago because one
of my really good friends in Bali, she
would travel often to Korea and she
would bring this back to me. She was
like, "You need to try this." And it was
delicious. So when I saw it, I was like,
we need to buy it. But Lisa has never
tried it, so it's a taste test.
I love almond and dark chocolate. Is it
that dark chocolate? I think it's white
or maybe not. I'm not thinking.
>> M.
And you know what is those things? The
first one is okay, and then the second
and the third is even better.
>> You know what? It's white chocolate.
>> No, it's not.
>> You don't think so?
>> No.
>> Super sweet.
So, you approve? Oh, yeah.
>> Welcome to Lisa's closet.
>> Welcome to the closet.
>> I'm looking for options.
>> So, here we have dresses. We have long
dresses.
>> This green. You have this green one?
>> I have this green one. I bought
>> When did you buy this?
>> Very long time ago.
>> Oh, I have this green one. But no, it's
not. No, it's not.
>> Okay. This one I thought of cuz you wore
it a lot, but I've never worn it.
>> I wore it so much I can't even see it.
>> It's a long dress, V-neck. I feel like
it can be useful.
>> Just take it. I won't take it anyway.
>> Perfect. Dress number one. Is this rat
and boa?
>> Yeah, it's archive rat.
>> That's archive raten boa. That's when
rat and boa started. They used to do
>> I think that was prints with like this
velvet and it was so pretty.
>> It's very romantic. It's dolvita vibes.
It's You know what? I just wish it was a
different I just wish it was a different
uh style, I think.
>> But that's a timeless style.
>> Reformation, but very romantic.
>> No, I'm not going to wear that. It looks
great cuz you have big boobs. Doesn't
look good on small boobs. It's true.
There are some dresses. Try it on.
>> They look great when you have big boobs
and if you have small boobs. So, here we
have dresses that can't be hung. That is
should revival.
>> Oh, are you wearing that?
>> No, I'm not wearing that. You can take
>> Oh, that could be an option. It's Oh,
>> that's very chic. But it's a one sleeve,
but it is gorgeous back.
>> That's kind of
>> It's summery enough. That could be
another option cuz it's a beautiful
dress. I have a brown corset from L. You
have something brown? No,
>> I don't have anything brown.
Booy.
>> These are two very different colors. I
don't know what to
>> Should I wear this twinflame archive?
>> This is twinflame archive, guys. This is
such a beautiful dress. This color is
insane.
>> Insane. And the only thing
>> I still have people asking me if we're
ever going to restock this, but this was
a limited edition, remember?
>> Yeah. With limited edition fabric.
>> Yeah.
>> From this.
>> That was such a pretty dress. The only
thing is that at the time I got it
shortened and the guy took too much.
>> Oh, no way.
>> Because
>> it's too short.
>> It's a little bit, but it's I still wear
it because um when I got it shortened,
it didn't have the wrap.
>> Oh my god.
>> So, it didn't bring it up. And when I
wrapped it, I was like, "Oh, no." And
>> remember, we got it um embroidery.
Embroidered. Each dress had a number
embroidered. If any of you watch this
channel and has this dress, let me know
in the comments. I'd love to know cuz
this is like such a beautiful piece. Is
it a piece we should redo?
You guys, I was trying this and I was
like, this is a sleeve. No,
>> it's not a sleeve.
>> Sorry, it's a wrap. Okay, I think this
dress could actually be really
beautiful.
>> It's the back is insane.
>> It's kind of gorgeous. Can actually do
that.
>> Oh, that's nicer.
>> See, looks better. And I think it's
meant to be like that.
>> It's a very sexy dress. And it's very
Italy
Dolcevita vibes.
>> No.
>> Yeah.
>> Restaurant in a fivestar hotel vibes.
>> Then do I try the dress that everyone
knows and have seen a 100 thousand
times?
>> Oh my god. I
>> Oh, you know what? I'm going to try cuz
I want to see if I'm going to wear it.
Cuz if I don't wear it, I'll leave it
here. Second option. Very classic. We
all know this one, but this is like
easy, sexy, beautiful.
>> Looks so good.
>> What do we do? I just bought these pants
at Imgia.
It's very like thin pants,
but I kind of like it. I like the,
>> you know,
>> it's a little too short for me, but
pants are usually a little too short for
me. So, I'm just going to make it a
little longer. There's some extra fabric
at the bottom. But, do we love the
detail of the belt? Love.
>> Right. It's fun. It's like a different
little type of
Okay. I love
And we have arrived in Sans.
We are now heading out to the hotel
which is always a pressure for me
because I booked it online and you never
know what it's going to look like. I
want it to be nice and I also have a a
reputation.
I have a reputation.
uh with my boyfriend or my family that I
always choose good hotels and good
restaurants. So, I have a reputation to
keep up with and so pressure is on
We're living life.
We checked in the hotel. We went to the
pool and then we got ready. And then we
were in the cab and the sunset was
insane. So we were like, "Drop us off at
this bridge." So we went to the bridge.
We watched
the sunset and then started walking in
the little streets and we saw all these
people having drinks, living their life.
We were like, we want to live our life
like them. So, we went there and we had
drinks and we had amazing like little
shakut cheese boards. Not cheese boards,
cheese plates. Isn't it fabulous? It's
1000 p.m. and we're going for a late
dinner because we're
>> so Italian. We're so Italian.
Good morning and welcome to a new show
called Boobs and Sandwich.
We just got out of the hotel and we are
starving and so we got some little
sandwiches.
>> Yum, yum, yum, yum, yum, yum, yum,
>> yum, yum, yum. This is going to be
fabulous. This one is mortala and this
one is proto crudeo and it's going to be
so good. We went to
Alantico Vinayo which apparently is like
famous spot.
>> We just had lunch and now we decided to
have a little au
which is kind of a famous spot to have
it here in Penz. Fun fact about me, I've
never had a really
>> ever. This is my first one, boy.
>> Cheers to your first one.
>> Cheers.
>> Are you okay? Wow.
>> Okay, change of plans. We were walking
around and we just passed by this tattoo
shop. My boyfriend's like,
>> I'm getting one. So,
>> and they actually had spot for a
walk-in. So, we're getting not me, not
me. He's getting a small tattoo.
>> How big is this one? This one is
>> forever.
This is the tattoo place we went to. And
the guy's name was Met. And he was so
sweet and so professional. Okay, tattoo
done. The meaning of this word is Suri.
Suri in French means mouse. Um, and it's
actually his nickname for me and I have
it for him, too. He started calling me
Sui right at the beginning of us dating.
And so there we go. He's a Sullie
forever. And I was saying, funnily
enough, it's something that I had
forgotten. When I was a kid, I used to
watch a Italian show called Italian show
called Topo, which was this little
mouse. And um and I was saying that I
actually love the word topolino to say
mouse in Italian. So there we are all
about mouse. Today we're now walking.
It's 400 p.m. and we are walking to a
little vintage store. To a little
vintage shop that I saw on the map.
Going to go see if we can find any type
of treasure. My boyfriend's like, "We're
going to buy you a dress today." I'm
like, "You're being very very
um
how do we say very ambitious." Like I
always go to vintage shops with no
expectation.
Say
Gucci pants.
But look at this.
>> It's amazing.
>> You guys look at this pair of Chanel
jeans. I think I'm going to go try them.
I had said no to this, but actually now
that he's worn it, it's cute. Cute. I'm
going to try this Roberto Cavali pants.
Love the detail at the bottom.
And of course,
I'm going to try the Gucci one. That's
number one.
>> Yeah.
>> You fit in these.
>> Nobody fits in this.
>> You can make it tighter from here. Look.
>> Yeah. It's like a max fits to the
>> Are they low waisted?
>> Yes, they're early 2000. They're early
2000. Kavali
>> and that's the style.
>> That's why I said they fit you
perfectly. They go
>> I am thinking about them. These are
gorgeous. They're low-waisted. This
insane like tattoo detail into the
leather. The color is insane. Pretty.
I'm trying on the Gucci pants.
The Gucci pants.
They're insane, but they're extremely
uncomfortable.
Very long here. It's too big. So,
definitely a no. But had to try it. Look
at this.
I am on a fashion high.
We are on
the fashion. I'm on a fashion. I'm high
on fashion.
I got the pants, guys. I got the pants
and he got the top and he got a pants
and he got a pair. No, a jacket. Um,
jeans jacket. Levis's jeans jacket.
>> I feel like Pretty Woman.
>> You We are We're like version of Pretty
Woman. Honestly, the store was so good.
There was all types of prices. Of
course, if you go into the Chanel
and Roberto Cavali allaya, it's a little
bit more pricey, but still, you know,
the Chanel pants I showed you, the
jeans, it was €500. It's not that
expensive for a Chanel vintage piece.
>> So, really nice.
>> I didn't like that much.
>> No. And then in the back of the store,
you have like more affordable brands.
So, there's a little bit of everything
for everyone. And then John Franco, the
owner of the store, was so sweet. We had
amazing conversation. And the store
>> sweet nothing sweet street sweet street
sweet street sweet street sweet street
sweet doing street doing
>> street doing vintage couture
>> good morning guys and happy Sunday we
stayed in bed till like
100 p.m. Uh we were watching the qualies
the F1 qualies uh Monaco from yesterday
and we are now heading out for lunch. We
found a little Oadia that looks
fabulous. So we hope we get there in
time because they're actually closing
soon.
And then we are just going to stroll
around. We have the full day ahead of us
since we leave only tomorrow morning. So
we're planning on spending the whole day
in Fenz. Uh, we're having a huge dilemma
because at 3 p.m. you have the Hollang
Yahoo finals and at 3 p.m. you have the
F1 race. So, we're like trying to pick
what we're going to be following. You
guys, I'm wearing the pants. Once we get
out of this car, I'm going to show you
my look with the pants.
It is officially one of my favorite uh
pieces
purchased in 2026.
We're very fortunate.
We need to watch at least the beginning
of the race.
Good evening. So, we went back to the
hotel to chill a little bit cuz it was
really warm and now we're out again. Um,
someone that I met recently at an event
is actually here in Fenz. He is a
painter. His name is Georgos and he is
doing like a live painting event. So, we
are going to go pass by to see what is
all about. And then we have many spots
we want to hit. We have a dinner
reservation, but before we want to have
a drink, maybe on a rooftop, we want to
have a drink again at the first place we
went to the first night here. And that's
it. And we've just been really enjoying
it.
Okay, that was quick. It was so funny.
He was extremely nervous to be painting
live, which I understand. Um, and now on
to our next stop, which we're going to
go get a drink at Ilsantino. It was the
first spot we went to the first night by
pure
um just by walking by and it looked
nice. So, we stopped for a drink and
ever since we're like, we need to go
back one last time cuz we loved the
vibe. So, we are going there. My
boyfriend has been committed into
creating a reals for me. You guys, he's
been filming me in all ways in the
cities being like, I'm going to do like
a paparazzi vibe reals. Don't look at
me. He's been running,
making me cross. He's at the moment
choosing the music, editing. So cute.
>> So cute.
>> I'm executive producer.
>> He's an executive producer. He's like,
"Let me do a real for you. I edit it. I
choose the song." And I said, "Do it."
Whatever. You know,
>> so you'll see the results on Instagram.
You can go there on Instagram and check
it out.
>> Don't forget the credit. Don't forget
the credit.
>> I will credit you.
>> Hours of work.
>> Hours of work. I'll credit you. So,
yeah. So, like this. You show some love
to him and his work. His masterpiece.
>> Yes.
you guys. So, these pants are from the
vintage shop yesterday.
He is
>> He's in love with the details.
Look at that. Look at that. Look at
that. Okay. Oh, the butt. Yes. Yes.
Vibes. And my pants are from the vintage
shop. So, here we are.
Okay, we are now walking to our final
destination, which is the dinner. It is
actually recommended by one of you guys
that wrote to me on Instagram and said
that next door to Instantino, there was
a very good restaurant. So, that's where
we're having dinner tonight, which I
don't even remember the name anymore.
Uh, we're having dinner there.
Dream table.
We are back into the hotel room. We're
actually packing because tomorrow we are
heading back to Paris uh on a 6:00 a.m.
flight. So
>> to Paris,
>> we're not going to Paris.
We wish we could stay longer, but we
have to go home. And so this is the end
of the vlog. And I thought I'd do
something different. I always end the
vlog saying I wish you all a beautiful
day or a beautiful night wherever you
are. And this time I'm going to do it in
Italian.
>> Are we guys ready?
>> Are we ready?
>> Is Italy ready to hear that people?
and I'll catch you guys in my next
video. Bye guys.